Fix url slashes (#551)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: trendmicro_apex/help.md

# Version History

> * 3.0.1 - Fix too many slash in URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 3.0.1 - Fix issue in URL parameter of Connection where an extraneous forward-slash would not pass the connection test
```
